Quick recap.
The what we talked about here in part
one is the psychology of performance,
how you perceive performance and
the different ways that can be affected.
We talked about measuring performance
in the lab synthetically and
in the field and
we looked at those numbers.
And then we briefly talked about how you
interpret that field performance data.
Now, before we go here on a break,
I wanna open it up for questions and
try and fill as many as we can.
There's some questions about blink and
chromium.
They're kind of synonyms but
not technically.
Chromium is the overall project.
Blink is the rendering engine in it.
It's technically blink is
where the web vitals thing,
the web vitals concepts are baked in,
but it's essentially chromium.
So any chromium based browser uses
blink and would have this data.
>> I'm curious, you were saying we
should open up the tools in a separate
window photo I have done before, but I
know what tests a lot of different sizes.
So if I have my browser set,
say, I'm testing a large screen,
the smaller screen is that applying
to lighthouse want to run that?
>> Yes, absolutely.
So, when you separate
into the other screen,
it allows you to test your performances,
the performance is on that screen size.
So I have my Chrome window
set here to 1150 by 720,
which is just a common resolution that
a lot of laptops and tablets would use.
If I wanted to test what the performance
was on a super big screen,
I would need to make Chrome like
as big as I want to test it on.
Technically, you can do that for applying
to mobile as well if you made it really
small, but a better way to do that is when
you're running your lighthouse report.
Just select that you wanna emulate
a mobile device as automatically
gonna put it inside of a small
window when it renders.
So they'll use one of
the chrome mobile emulation
techniques before it runs lighthouse.
I've just seen lots of people
leave their DevTools attached and
then have just 50 pixels of the screen at
the top and run their lighthouse report,
and it comes up and
says everything is awesome, yeah.
Because browser rendered a hundred pixels,
it didn't take anything to do it.
It's not a real performance snapshot.
How do we get field data?
All right, so the field data that we
captured is part of this exercise was
the data that came from the Chrome user
experience report, which is cool data,
but it's flawed, right?
It is aggregated to the month,
we don't get detailed data.
What we're gonna do here,
in part two is we're gonna build a small
performance agents that's gonna
pull data from your real users.
And so we'll have a data point for
every single user who loads your page,
and that's gonna be how you can use it for
both public sites and private sites.
You'll be able to pull data from anywhere
that your users access your site from, and
then figure out how to aggregate it.
We're gonna talk about
that a lot in part two.
Lighthouse says that it cannot generate
correctly due to Chrome extensions.
Yes.
Chrome extensions absolutely affect the
performance of the page in all browsers.
And if you put extensions in your
browser that's essentially a bit of code
that's injecting itself into the loop.
Extensions can read the entire
structure of every page.
They can monitor what you
type into the browser.
They have a alarming amount of access and
so
you should be very wary of
the extensions you put in place.
And then when you run a lighthouse report,
you should disable your
extensions if possible, or run the ones
that are most likely for your users.
What you might notice is my Chrome right
now I only have one extension running
right now, which is my password manager, I
disabled all the other ones for right now.
Especially if you have things like micro
block or ad blockers or stuff like that.
Turn those all off before you do
performance testing, because you
wanna see how those blocked things
affect the performance of your page.
Why are there differences in the results
between the report metrics or
between the lighthouse metrics and
the web devs that thing.
Those are difference is in well,
I'm not sure I understand the question.
You might be asking why does one
does lighthouse say this is orange,
it needs improvement, but
web dev says it's worse.
Well, they change what the ratios are,
what the recommendations were good, okay,
bad are over time.
And they're not always in lock step, it's
different teams were making those changes.
If you're asking about why does
crux data not match lighthouse,
that's lab versus field, right?
The lab data is lighthouse,
lab data is what lighthouse is measuring,
and it's what your machine rendered.
Whereas the crux data is what real
users on the Internet who visited that
site experienced.